Extended unit tests (#10) (#15)
miraisolutions/secretsanta: README.md

```
to test if the type hints of `.py` file(s) are correct (in which case there may be no output).

#### Property testing

We use [Hypothesis](https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) to define a _property test_ for our matching function: 
generated example inputs are tested against desired properties. Hypothesis' generator can be configured to produce typical 
data structures, filled with various instances of primitive types. This is done by composing specific annotations.

> * The decorator `@given(...)` must be present before the test function that is to use generated input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The decorator `@given(...)` must be present before the test function that shall use generated input.
```

> * generated arguments are defined in a comma separated list, and will be passed in order to the test function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generated arguments are defined in a comma-separated list, and will be passed to the test function in order:
```

```python
from hypothesis import given
from hypothesis.strategies import text, integers

@given(text(), integers())
def test_some_thing(a_string, an_int):
    return

```  

> * generation can be controlled by various optional parameters, e.g. `text(min_size=2)` for testing with strings that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generation can be controlled by various optional parameters, e.g. `text(min_size=2)` for testing with strings that
```

have at least 2 characters.

> #### Mocks in unit tests

Reviewer: should we add this to the ToC too?
